We need to return the minimum value of the BST.
So let us create a function min_val and
pass the root node of the tree into it.
In BST the minimum value will be present in the
left most node. So create a temporary variable current and let it
point the root of the tree. Now use this current
pointer to move to the left child of the node
continuously till we reach the left most node.
So write while current left not equal to null, make
current equal to current left.
So at the end of the loop execution, the current
pointer will point to the left most node which has
the minimum value.
So after the loop execution, return current's data
Here it is 10